Defenitly, and employers can be unreasonable sometimes.
That's a great feeling, I agree! I rarely get a day where I just stay home
That is an amazing feeling. I have three daughters. It doesn't matter how many you have, the first time you hold them, its amazing.
Shopping is fun!
That is the worst! 
That stinks! 
That's no good. Those windows are not cheep either. 
That is defenitly a health violation.
Ugh, that's the worst! 
Oh yeah? It's always a bit suspicious when someone just changes their attitude like that.
I agree with you! 
Oh my gosh, what a place to break down! I was born in ND and I know the dark you are talking about. 
Oh yeah, of course. I heard they are rampant up in those parts. 
I would be too. Going through something like that can take a toll on anyone, and makes it hard to cope with everyday life.
My two dogs are my babys, I can't imagine how you feel.
Thats great isn't it. I hate it when managers just boss you around and never listen.
I agree with that. I always try to give the benefit of the doubt at first.
Wow! I bet he will love that.
I know right. Mine started yesterday
me either. that's no preparation for the world
waiting for the call back is so nerver wrecking.
Yes! There’s nothing like the relief that comes with not havingany assignments or projects due
Dirty 30 parties are the best!
I know right, now he’s a laker.
I agree. If you can’t trust family, then who can you trust?
I guess I can agree with that.
Ah me too.
I am too! I am really not a fan on how he is handling relationswith Russia. 
Just barely older than my son. I can definitely understand that.
Okay i see well,
It will definitely paid off
Yeah that's always comforting. Mom's are awesome
So true!
It is,
It is indeed unfair, they shouldn't have done that
you are right.
I know how you feel :(
Yeah dogs are man's best friend.
I know!
I agree. He had so much to live for.
I feel the same way. We are a glass half full kind of people!
I do too.
Yea, I agree.
Me too!
Absolutely, nothing like unwinding after the work week.
they frighten me as well.
Yes, those scare me to death when they come out of nowhere.
Oh, I hate it when that happens.
Ohhhh. Yea I would be scared too then.