Hopefully you can push it to another day this week.
Aw, cheer up, friend. It's rough now, but it will get better!
Hopefully he is ok
hopefully they can get him some meds and he gets to come home.
Hopefully you are not to mad because of it. Flat tires happen to the best of us!
Hopefully it wont cost too much.
Hopefully you can go home and have a nice dinner.
Ah, there you go. The world isn't completely heartless.
I hope the play better next time!
Oh okay! Hopefully it isn't a constant problem, that would suck to loose your favourite resturant.
Ugh, I hope he's alright and it was nothing too bab.
Bright side - at least you weren't far from home that you were able to clean everything up, right?
Bless it! 
Oh, I see. So, nothing really bad that could cause a problem really. Lol
Well, hopefully their friendlier mood will last a while.
it is almost over. Senior year is the final one and it will pass quickly. Been there, done that
Most snakes aren't poisonous so hopefully it wasn't. Just know that it probably couldn't have hurt you, and I hope that you don't see any more in the future!!
Ouch, I hope you don't either. 
I hope you are able to make the best move for you.
I hope he gets the help he needs.
I hope you have as much fun as he does!
I think that when people cheat and lie, it's because something is wrong with them and not their partner. If he doesn't realize his mistake, then he doesn't deserve your love. I wish you all the best!
They want you to remember their last summer vacation day with you.
I am sure you are fine.
Well I hope you find it, and a winning lotto ticket at the same time.
Maybe karma will come around on your boss.
I hope the play better next time!
hopefully you can still talk to them over the phone or online!
Getting through it can only make your relationshipi stronger though
You will be fine then
Well, she'll be back soon and you'll have loads of catching up to do.
Hopefully he is ok.
She will learn to not do that again!
i'm sure he's cool as a cucumber while you are a nervous wreck. it will be fine.
Oh, well work can be tough too sometimes
Happens to everybody.
Hopefully things are different now and you have the confidence that you need!
Yes hope you feel better
That's a silver lining in all of it at least!
I think with time you will get used to it.